# Schedule for 0708

# Morning
- [X] TED
- [X] Academic teaching (7:30-8:20; 8:50-9:45;)
- [X] Teacher-Student Curriculum Learning (10:05-11:10)
- [ ] Teacher algorithms for curriculum learning of DRL in continuously parameterized environments(11:38-12:30; )

# Noon
- [X] `1.5h` sleep.
- [X] MIT(1h)

# Afternoon
- [X] Teacher algorithms for curriculum learning of DRL in continuously parameterized environments(16:30-17:10)

# Night
- [X] PPT

# Summary

- The first twenty-hours: you can learn everything.
- One of the things I enjoy most is : Learning new things (Wow, this can be a hobby actually)
- How we learn, and how we learn efficiently?
- It takes about 10,000 hours to be in the expert-level about sometime. (5 years full time work.)
- `20-hours` of **focused deliberate practice** can do the job (from grossly incompetent to reasonably good)(45mins per day for a week)
- 4 Simple tips:
    - deconstruct the skill: break apart the skill, and find what is most important.
    - learn about self-correct:
        - what we talk about here is not get tons of books, and read them.(this is procrastination)
        - 20-hour learning is about just knowing enough for self-correct and start practicing.
    - remove distractions.
    - practice at list 20 hours.
- 


# Review
- **You snooze, you lose**.
- Try to make your breakfast last night, or you have to make and wait them cold in the morning, which is exhausting.
- 仍然需要想一下休息的时候干什么,不然特别容易一下子就休息久了.
- it's harder to for get up with noon sleep, no better idea, just `you snooze, you lose`.
